We want to build a Next.js application which allows the user to enter a topic for a YouTube video. After entering the topic and pressing a send button, a large language (gemini flash) model is used in order to provide 10 YouTube optimized titles based on the user input. The user is then able to choose one of the titles. After choosing one of the titles the app generates a thumbnail for the user. For the model creating the thumbnail, we use the flux schnell model from Together API. The thumbnail is then displayed to the user in the front-end. The thumbnail should not contain any text.

The user is then able to enter text inside a text box and this text is then placed onto the image. The image including the text are then also visible in the app.

The user is able to download the image. The user is also able to recreate the image, and the user is also able to recreate the 10 proposed titles at the beginning.

Ensure that you use the sub-agents you have for the project implementation because each of them has specific qualities which allows him to be an expert in a part of the whole project. Also, make sure that you initialize an empty Git repo at the beginning and commit milestones regularly. We will provide the environmental variables for the large language models and Together API in a.env file so make sure during the project development you create a sample.env file. Don't make any assumptions. If anything is unclear or ambiguous, then ask first clarifying questions to make sure you fully understand what we are trying to do here. Also, make sure that the app is well designed so let the sub-agents also leverage their skills which they have available in order to create beautiful designs for our app. Our next js project, the default sample project is already initialized and you find it in the” tubeme” folder. We can build based on that. Ensure that you provide all information the sub-agents need and also make sure that you at all times have the memory bank and that it is updated during the project development. Our final goal is also to create a GitHub repo and then push the project to GitHub, but this will only be done at the end. Ensure that you do not use any emojis in the code because those often break code and lead to errors.
